You can always trust the bible for something profound...

INSPIRATIONAL!!

SO INPIRATIONAL!

TRUTH!

Praise the LORD!

LE GOD HAS ARRIVED! BLESS!

Deep! Sooo DEEP!

They don't teach kids this anymore. What a shame!

TREMENDOUS!

BLESS YOU!

Sublime!

WOW!

WOW! THIS IS AMAZING!

WOW! I AM AMAZED EVERY TIME I READ IT!

This certainly restored my faith!

How can you NOT believe when you hear this??

JESUS LOVES YOU!

GOD, JESUS, AND THE HOLY SPIRIT FOREVER IN MY HEART!

"A sure way to grow closer to Christ is to search out stories of His work in the lives of others." Mark J. Musser, Searching for More

"All great art is the expression of man's delight in God's work, not his own." John Ruskin

Never forget the three most powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.

Through faith we understand The things we cannot know E. Margaret Clarkson
Through faith we understand
The things we cannot know -
The hidden pattern God has planned
And why each thread is so.
E. Margaret Clarkson, Through Faith

Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different. It's accepting the past for what it was and using this moment and this time to help yourself move forward. Oprah Winfrey

The Easter message not only has to be believed, it has to be felt, for the mind alone cannot grasp it all. Steve Pease, The Easter Story

What you see and what you hear depends a great deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are. C. S. Lewis

We do not know what God's plan is for us, but we know He has one. Our job is to pray, trust Him, and wait on His perfect timing. Miss Ava, Season of Joy: Forty Days of Blessings

God wants us to be ever moving forward so we can discover the fullness of the life He came to provide. And as people who follow Him, we want to go forward too. We desire all the fullness of life that God offers to us. Doug Fields, Fresh Start

Are not all angels ministering spirits sent to serve those who will inherit salvation? Hebrews 1:14 (NIV)

Behold! The Lord is risen! Who would have thought it true?
Those great, far fetched predictions! Is that what God can do?
Greta Zwaan, He Did It

Be thankful when you don't know something, for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
Be thankful when you don't know something,
for it gives you the opportunity to learn.
Author Unknown, Be Thankful

"God wants to empower you to make the profound decisions necessary as you near the end of life. Continue to live life with an open hand because God has a wonderful way of interrupting the lives of those who remain open to Him. He hasn't quit using you yet." Martha Evans Sparks, Strength for Today

Sunday, a day of rest declared by God for our benefit; appreciate the day and rest. Byron Pulsifer

"There will always be someone around the corner ready to steal our joy or betray us like Judas, but like Jesus, we know that we do not have to worry because He has endured that for us as well." Ralene Berry, As I Encourage You, I Encourage Myself

May the birth of Christ the Saviour renew hearts . . .
May the birth of Christ the Saviour renew hearts, awaken the desire to build a future of greater fraternity and solidarity, and bring joy and hope to everyone. Happy Christmas! Pope Francis, Christmas message for 2017

When we give joyfully to the work of the Lord, we discover for ourselves what Jesus meant when He said, "It is more blessed to give than to receive." (Acts 20:35). Who wouldn’t want to be blessed by God? Dr. David Jeremiah

But God’s grace is also exhibited when we humbly bow before Christ in repentance and faith, for then we find forgiveness. Thank God for His grace, for without it we would have no hope! Billy Graham, Hope for Each Day

"Each person's God-given gifts are different from those of another." Paul and Tracey McManus

I believe that God provides for all of our needs; nothing is coincidental. Erin Odom
"I believe that God provides for all of our needs; nothing is coincidental." Erin Odom, More Than Just Making It

Although our New Year's resolutions may quickly crumble, God's plans never fail. If we'll make it our goal this year to learn to walk in His way rather than our own, we may be surprised what He will do. Instead of fretting over a decision, we'll learn to trust, rest, and wait on Him Charles Stanley

"Generosity flows from an understanding that all that we have, are, and ever will become is not ours to possess, and it results in sharing what we've been given with others for the advancement of the kingdom and the glory of God." Chris Willard, Contagious Generosity

"The Old Testament is the best commentary on the New Testament ever written. There we learn why Jesus had to come, why He taught what He did, and why He worked miracles." Dr. Stephen Lennox, God With Us

Testimonies help others.
"Testimonies help others. They build your faith and also serve as witnesses to God's power to bring you out of trouble." Scott Gordon, Tough Times Cannot Last Forever



"If we open our hearts to the influence of God, if we allow God to rule our lives, God will transform us and enable us to grow toward wholeness, to love generously and to be true to ourselves and in that way to be faithful to God." Noel Cooper, Gospel Overtures

"For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. God's invisible army is at your service, and God can see you through." Warren W. Wiersbe, The Bumps Are What You Climb On

When life's broken places lead us to Jesus, ultimately we will find hope. Renee Swope
"When life's broken places lead us to Jesus, ultimately we will find hope." Renee Swope, Encouragement for Today

"Fortunately, the Word of God does not just spotlight problems - which it must do - it also offers us amazing solutions." Michael Caputo, Bible Study

"We are children of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Just these words alone, if only partially understood should summon mountain moving faith, hope, comfort and encouragement in us, His children." Greg Winfield, Encouragement

"Grace in the New Testament is in some respects one of its greatest words. It always means two things - God's favor and His blessing; His attitude and His action." W. H. Griffith Thomas

Age…Is a matter of feeling, not of years. George W. Curtis

Words cannot express my feelings, nor my thanks for all your help. Byron Pulsifer

If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation, you will discover that your life will suddenly be filled with gratitude, a feeling that nurtures the soul. Rabbi Harold Kushner

I've said it before and I'll say it again, gratitude is always possible, and feeling good starts at home. Emma Wright, Feel Good Friday

Once you have experienced what your house feels like when it is completely tidy in the true sense of the term, you will never want to return to clutter, and the strength of that feeling will empower you to keep it tidy. Marie Kondo, Spark Joy

Your workday should end with a feeling of accomplishment for what you have completed that day and a feeling of, 'I can't wait to come back tomorrow.' Sandra Leon, Supercharge Your Life

Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man. Rabindranath Tagore

Walking in the gift of the word of knowledge is all about discovering who you are and who God is and experiencing an intimate relationship with Him. Micah Level, Words Of Knowledge

He has risen. Three words that can wipe away all the loss and grief of the past days. Three words that change everything. Mike McKinley, The Resurrection in Your Life

"Don't mess up God's craftsmanship. Learn to love what and who God made you. Carolyn Denise Owens, Timeless Wisdom: Lessons From Our Ancestors

"Having a belief in God, a higher power and the faith that if we believe in our actions and the actions of other all of our prayers can be answered." Alexander Neal, Prayer

... generosity is not just (or even mostly) associated with giving money. It's a quality, one of the personality traits of God we reflect as we become more like Christ. Rene Schlaepfer, Richer Life

God is not committed to our comfort. He is committed to our character. Only God can exchange the ashes of our sin for the beauty of His forgiveness and grace. Mary Sutherland

Knowing God is for you will change your whole perspective on life. You'll stop thinking of God as someone looking down from Heaven, ready to yell "Gotcha!" anytime you mess up. Rick Warren

Failure is a feeling long before it becomes an actual result. Michelle Obama

If you are feeling helpless, help someone. Aung San Suu Kyi

To know ourselves better, we must slow down enough to feel our feelings and to hear our deeper thoughts. David D. Corbett, Portfolio Life

If we want to attract life partners who are happy, passionate, and empowered, we must first seek to generate these feelings within ourselves. Marci Shimoff

Our body translates our thoughts into chemical and physical responses that we experience as emotions. In other words, emotions are the body's response to the thoughts we think. Mali Apple, The Soulmate Experience

Our feelings are the source of our energy, they provide the horsepower that makes it possible for us to accomplish the tasks of living. M. Scott Peck

Never play with the feelings of others, because you may win the game but the risk is that you will surely lose the person for lifetime. William Shakespeare

Jealousy is an emotion that has a purpose, so pay attention to it when it rears its ugly head. It’s never wrong to feel jealousy; it’s how you deal with your feeling that's the important thing. Robert Rain, Dealing With Jealousy, Insecurity and Trust Issues

Good feelings can't come in until the bad feelings are let out. If you try to stuff those bad feelings back in, they will marinate and become more potent. Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen

Respect is thinking and acting in a way that shows others you care about their feelings and their well-being. Author Unknown

Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical. Sophia Loren

Do not spend the whole day lying in bed feeling sorry for yourself even if your circumstances have changed drastically and you now have to use the bus instead of your BMW. Miriam Kinai

Making yourself indispensable is sure to increase your level of confidence, sense of security, and ultimate feeling of accomplishment and fulfillment. Mark Samuel, Making Yourself Indispensable
